# Online Food Delivery App

This serves as the back end of my complete project "Taco Store" (https://dynamic-project.github.io/tacofe/home). The fornt end is based on Angular 
("https://github.com/dynamic-project/tacofe") where I also used Angular Material.

This is a Spring Boot project. In building RESTful services I've followed imperative programming pattern and it's also possible in the reactive way. I've used Spring Data JPA, 
part of the larger Spring Data family, makes it easy to easily implement JPA based repositories.

Features:

  * User management
  * Designed food menus
  * Implemented order processing
  * Managed cart functionalities

# IMPORTANT: Lombok

To avoid having to write and maintain what is mostly boilerplate Java code, I’ve elected to use Lombok in these examples. When building from the command line, using Maven, 
you shouldn’t encounter any problems, as Lombok is included as part of the build process. But you will very likely encounter issues if you import these projects into your IDE.

If, after importing the projects into your IDE, you see errors complaining about missing getters, setters, constructors, or log instance variables, it’s because Lombok is not 
installed in your IDE. These bits of code will be generated by Lombok automatically, but your IDE doesn’t know that and complains that they are missing.

To fix the errors, simply install Lombok. Lombok has support for most common (and arguably a few uncommon) IDEs, so no matter which IDE you use, you should be covered. 
See https://projectlombok.org/setup/overview for details on installing Lombok in your IDE.
